Ah shit...
No. You must not put that on him now.
Yes! Fits you perfect.
You look like my father.
Father?
Yes.
Quiet!
The man became consumed with revenge.
He let his mother be carried
to sea by the whale.
But the mother's hair became twisted
into a tusk, as she turned into a narwhal.
That's his mother.
Yes.
The circles of revenge form a chain.
His revenge didn't make him happy.
You can only break the circles
of revenge with forgiveness.
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
Get her something to eat.
Okay.
Sokanon. He's going to lead you
into trouble.
What you're doing is no safer.
But it might stop another village
from being raided.
I have sworn to my sister that
I'd protect Harp.
Your sister is the reason you should not
be going off with this white boy.
The trade is here to stay, Omaciw.
They can't be the only ones to benefit.
Our young girls, not even ten years old,
are being sold off as slaves.
Having to lie with fat old white men
against their will.
If we can save them, shouldn't we?
Sokanon, you follow Harp like a dumb blind girl.
But where is he now?
Who is there?
Where is Declan Harp?